  Within the gaming realm, I was at first unaware of the lack of accessibility there was. However, now that the issue's brought ito play, I can see how it would be the case. For starters, I believe that an increase in gaming and accessibility could lead to greater diversity in both areas of the gaming experience. The way I see it, if we have more people who have more access to creating games and codes, we'll have a wider range of video game types in existence. So often times, with music, social media apps, and now video games as aforementioned by the article, it seems as if nearly each thing of it's type can all of a sudden become more or less the same as what's already out there in existence. The more creative minds we can get coming into this industry, the more avenues of new video game types we'll see. I also feel it's hard not to borrow from another game that's already out as well, but each game must start somewhere. At this point in time, I also wonder, what new type of video game can one release? I feel as if a completely fresh idea will have to come from a younger mind from a younger generation. Hence where greater accessibility to gaming and coding comes into play. If there continues to be a fairly simple way of creating both, this I feel will usher in new creativity, since it wouldn't be quite as demanding as a full time "game developing"career or position at a company. This way, literally anyone, even myself, could easily drop off their new ideas, and create a new game that everyone could love, stress and hassle free for the most part. This could help more young, fresh, creative minds say yes to being a part of this new wave pof video game making. 
  Another thing I feel more accessibility with gaming and coding can open the door to is more game-player connectivity. As aforementioned in the article, "Rise of the Video Game Zinesters", author Anna Anthropy identifies herself as a queer woman, who struggles to find video games related to her identification. This, I can understand, how one would find difficult, as relativity is often a great access point for pulling people in to what you're doing. If people feel no real connection to what they're doing, they'll oftentimes ask, "what's the point of me doing this? What am I doing?" It can leave the player with much to be desired feeling as if they can't fully engage with what they're doing due to a lack of relativity. The author of the article also went on to mention how most games involve simply a male, or female character, killing someone else. This also stems off the previous argument of how many games that are out are the same. If game developers can switch it up, and add more "real life, situational human elements into the game, I believe this too can make a big difference; especially with the reltivity issue. If this issue could be solved, we would ultimately have more people wanting to play games, or get behind the scenes of the creative process of it. This could help make video games more interesting, and an even more healthy, "go to" option when someone is in pain. The game could serve as a positive beacon of hope to remind someone that they're not alone in what the painful., or difficult everyday life situations they're going through. As we all say, it's the little things, that make the biggest difference. This could apply even to a game, as something like someone being as thoughtful as making the game more relatable to someone's background, life story, or identification can make the biggest difference in their overall sense of belonging as a gamer, and possibly even as a person. 
  
  Another third and final good thing that greater accessibility and coding for games provides is self confidence. Although this may sound fairly simplistic and subjective, I firmly believe that this is easily another pro that stands head and shoulders with the other benefits I listed up above. Oftentimes, even myself included, can all but feel as if our work may not be as "good or valuable" just because it was done differently from most "industry standards". I feel it's very important to remember that what we do doesn't have to be the most expensive, most popular method known to man used to complete it. Everyone has ideas, and sometimes, even getting them across, or executed in a simplistic, smaller scale fashion can be just as good as something that's larger in my opinion. By giving others a voice, platform, or means with which they can express themselves is a great way to help build up others, and encourage them to se their true value as a person. This too is very important, and I can speak from experience and admit that when I haven't had a chance to express myself to the fullest, I can feel undervalued at times. This is not a good feeling, and it's something no one should go through due to not having "top notch" equipment. This is why I fully support the idea of increasing gaming accessibility and coding at a smaller scale, for the average everyday person, anmd creative as a whole. 
